so an exciting and level contest as we
head into the restaging of this first
heat second semi-final of the National
League Falls championship the official
lineup for this one nick morris goes off
gate to the pre stop Game three mark
phase B from the outside start issue
we've already lost firing back of a
South African disqualified after falling
in the first stage of this heat so your
favorite now for Google what are you
going to stick with mark bass beat oh
don't know our base we but I think now
we've known this I've a macMurrough ship
with this one by Tom veteran Nick
Morrison the Australian for Buxton goes
off gate number two in this one Luke
priest next to him the Mildenhall rind
is looking to get off to a great start
but it's nick morris who looked so
fantastic here earlier this season with
wonderful starting who's done so once
again Luke priest up the inside this
time gets the advantage on mark base B
and steal the second place away coming
out of turn to the mcmorrises roaring
wire who is looking at
looking like that much because in cruces
sinister but mark groceries on the back
of histo mark paisley all over the back
now of loot priests as they head into
turn three and four he gets a little out
of shape and i will see a lot of diamond
lot makes me a slammed into the safety
nets coming out of turn Paul there what
a dramatic incident that was Neil
struggling here very much so look like a
pick up pick a bit of fresh grip though
video I've been for then just come
strange the French hope is a right line
and continue in this meeting you did a
trap walk before tonight's match of
course as a meeting reserve and you
mentioned the fact that the inside
looked overly Griffey we're going to see
a replay of that heat but how would that
kind of track conditions have affected
that incident there with my face be both
more baby locking because it sits back
on the scene we lifted too much for it
as you come up the bend there and it's
just so much fresh grip down and it's
only heat too and it's a bit
unpredictable what expense you feel he
was frustrated they're behind new priest
he was ahead of him in the first stage
of course very much so I just moments
ago they locked up in the middle of the
bed
he was always hit the dreads nice and
he's got it he's whipped his neck where
I think that was a very nasty crash
indeed mark place we were going to see
it from the third angle here he locks up
going into this third turn as you
suggest you I think we see conditions
are pulling out a little bit their
embassies world inside i'll just put
extra brick or not every time you see it
looks worse but i have these are on it
rise to power out of turn four up the
inside thereof Luke Breslin simply shoot
straight across the corner and for me
this angle should give us a all that is
a nasty crash just coming over the last
minute straight they slammed it unsafe
defensively first he did and he stopped
dead from over there he looked very
closely stuff from I actually like whips
back from his neck doesn't look very
helpful